[Music]
hey sarah
lick a flip
hello hello
i'm glad you're here we've been here
made an incredible discovery what's this
about
well according to michelle this house is
home to the spirit of a young girl
and this young girl is going to appear
to us tonight
as a ghost don't make fun okay it's true
i read it in a book i found at home and
i can feel it too
there's a strange atmosphere almost
surreal i think the only strange thing
here
is you that's exactly what i said okay
enough
of that listen to me this is the plan
for tonight when the moons are in the
sky
we'll get some candles and go and look
for the ghost
paolo didn't you know anything about the
story well
my grandfather did tell me something
about it
when i was a boy i used to go looking
for spirits with my cousins
and didn't you feel frightened i know it
was a great fun
sure everyone knows ghosts don't exist
oh you run there
you know one night we heard some strange
noises
someone was shouting oh we were so
scared
and we ran up to our rooms and my
youngest cousin cried for two days
he was so terrified what rubbish i think
you just invented
the whole story okay stop arguing power
and i are going to look for the ghost
tonight
sandra you're coming with us i don't
really believe in these things but
if you're both going well why not it'll
be a bit of change from the other
evenings
and by the way i'm quite curious to find
out whether this
ghost really exists or not sarah
are you coming with us oh no i don't
believe in spirits and i don't do such
stupid things
i'll just stay in my room and read oh
come on sarah
don't believe the spoilsport come with
us you'll see it'll be fun
don't insist i said no
she wouldn't be like this if it hadn't
burned down
i know you're right well just let's try
not to let our problems get us down
sandra can you call mike and anne and
we'll tell them what's the plan for
tonight
okay ghost
hunting under a food yeah
[Music]
so this is the abandonment
yeah oh
i should never have gotten involved in
this gerard
i still can't believe you persuaded me
to come along oh come on
you have fun one regret
can uh anyone tell me exactly what it is
we're looking for
mike do you ever listen when people talk
to you
who are looking for the ghost of a young
girl
legend says the wonderful moonshine in
the sky
she returns here to look for a young
lover she walks up and down the secret
spot where she used to meet him
and where is the secret spot well we
don't know
but paulo told me the last year he'd
heard strange sounds coming from this
house
huh we can start from here
where here how can we possibly if we
can't see anything in the dark
don't worry i know this place very well
okay silent otherwise we're not gonna
hear anything
[Music]
did anyone ask sarah if she wanted to
come along with us
of course we did she isn't interested
she doesn't believe in girls
well you know you still should have
insisted it's not nice to leave her all
by herself at night
okay can you please start searching
again
i don't see anything are you sure
yes i'm sure yeah sure they squeezed my
shoulder
[Music]
oh
okay now that we've saw that mystery
silence everyone
and and let's continue
well to be honest this place is kind of
creepy creepy yeah
guys guys wait for us
please
[Music]
oh
i'm not feeling very well i think i'm
going to paint shut up
we read about you and we want to get to
know you
i don't like intruders do you know what
happens to the people who cross
my path what happens
a horrible death you must choose between
being burnt alive or being eaten by
[Music]
listen wolves lady ghost i think there
must be some misunderstanding here
we're all going to leave now and let you
know for your lover in peace and quiet
right everyone don't have an inch it's
too late
your fate has been decided
please don't kill us i i didn't even
want to come and
they forced me to come with them really
quiet
now all of you close your eyes
and put your hands up in the air
[Music]
and now
[Laughter]
sora
so you were the ghost yes
i was in my room reading when i thought
of dressing up and scaring all of you
and i must admit it was worth it you
don't know how funny you all looked
your face is white with fear and your
voice is pleading for mercy
i've never had so much fun
yes but you gave us all a big shock yeah
yes
but if it made the old star come back
then long lift goes
[Laughter]
hi sarah hi sandra what are you doing
we're making some sandwiches for today's
drive in the country
what drive hasn't paolo told you about
the trip
today he wants to take us to visit an
old farmhouse in the country
it's supposed to be very beautiful a
perfect example of rural architecture
that's right
i remember now uh paulo told us it was
built by some rich italian-american
a really eccentric character a friend of
his mother's okay girls
is everything ready we've almost
finished
what a wonderful smell they look and
smell
great heat your hands to yourself no
one's touching these delicacies now
you'll be able to taste them later when
we have our picnic
about this outing where is the farm
house in the countryside about 20
kilometers from here
and is it true that it's incredibly
beautiful and that it belongs to an
italian american oh yes but it was
designed by a dutch architect and it was
built in the style of an 18th century
tuscan farmhouse
right right oh believe me it's a jewel
i didn't know you were so interested in
architecture oh my dear ladies
there are so many things that you don't
know about me
as well as music i have many other
passions
i'm full of surprises
no one doubts that paulo
so tell me more about this house it's
fascinating oh you're right
and you have to see the garden it's a
haven of decent tranquility
and what sort of plants are there oh
thousands
beagle trees grape vines olive groves
and
many types of roses and it's huge
there are eight gardeners oh really so
many it's a lovely spot
my mother used to take me there a lot
i love to lying under the oak trees
it gave me a sense of peace
that's where i gave my first kiss wow
who would have thought our paolo was so
romantic are you making fun of me
no definitely not i bet this enchanted
house
has been the source of most of your
musical inspiration
how do you know that considering it
doesn't take much to inspire you
i can imagine what a paradise can do
oh hi sorry we made you wait paulo was
just telling us about the garden
oh okay let's go i can't wait to see
this place
um do you know where mike and michelle
are they should be here by now
oh uh michelle went out for her morning
jog earlier
she should be back by now so she's
probably having a shower and
mike's in his room watching a football
match what a surprise
okay i'll go and give them a shout
oh sarah have you got the camera
oh no i left it in my room why don't you
go and get it we should be able to take
some lovely photos today right
you're right i'll go and get it
well it's good to see sarah's back to
her old self again isn't it paulo
oh i knew that being all together would
be good for her
okay let's check we've got everything
cake
sandwiches got them drinks got them too
okay i think we have everything
i feel like i've forgotten something no
no we haven't forgotten anything
oh no wait a minute just a minute my
guitar
no paulo not the guitar just for today
we said it would be a calm and relaxing
day what could be more relaxing than
sweet melodies of my guitar
[Music]
so it's time to leave
what a shame yeah you're right
this week has just flown back
i've had such a i've had a great time
yeah
i hope to see everyone again
i hope to see you again
very soon listen mike um
about that i uh i want to
clear up a few things with you well a
few days after we arrived i
i happened to hear paolo's song and i
knew that it was about us too
and well you know what i mean
right of course
uh well after finding out about this
this thing i realized that i needed to
talk to you straight away but
i didn't have the courage
[Applause]
we've known each other for a long time
i've always thought a lot of you
god i don't know how to tell you this
might come on
don't be shy it's not easy to say
certain things
i mean you know what it's like i put
yourself in my shoes i
you don't need to tell me this
for years i've been trying to
but maybe as we've come this far
we don't need words no what are you
doing you're going crazy
oh but but i thought
i thought that but you too
but i won't
i was trying to tell you that i am that
that i really like you
and that you're a true friend
only a true friend nothing more
what an idiot i am
for for a moment i thought
feelings for me i'm sorry my guy
didn't want to to upset you
it's just well the truth is is that
there's someone else in my heart
i know
don't worry um
let's pretend nothing's happened okay
okay
right
friends like before
of course um no hard feelings
okay fine
i'll i'll just go and finish packing
okay see you in a bit
[Music]
so it's not true you were only
interested in football and nothing
else uh what are you trying to say
don't play the fool with me mike i
understand lots of things now
like the time i told you i loved you do
you remember
at that time we were always together and
i thought there was more between us
than just simple friendship come on
sarah not that old story again
i mean there's no point going over all
of that again well
i think it's time to put a few things
straight once and for all
at that time you told me you weren't in
love with me and that you didn't want to
deceive me
i felt rejected and thought that
football was to blame
i thought that football was the only
passion in your life
but now no
what oh stop it mike
i saw you here just now with ann
wait a minute sir let me explain things
oh
you don't need to explain i'm not angry
in fact you all of you have helped me a
lot in the past few days
i'm at peace with myself again and this
is really important
and to be honest i'm glad to have found
out
the true reason for your refusal was
another woman
and not and not football
i think of you more than any sport sir
[Music]
hey guys it's late i'm sorry
i was packing
so it's time to say goodbye already
i hate goodbyes always a sentimental one
anyway we'll be meeting up again soon
right right okay
i have some good news i've decided to
open up a new bar
and you're all officially invited to the
opening party
i think i'm going to call it college in
honor of all of you
oh fantastic and as for the music in
your new bar
here i am with my guitar of course
you know you're always welcome to come
to this house
and i'd be waiting for you all next year
for another wonderful holiday together
in memory of the good old days
yeah friends live they'll be back soon
i'll sing away
for next year
[Applause]
how many people are there in your family
there are six people in my family there
are six people in my family
do you have any brothers and sisters
do you have any brothers and sisters yes
i do
i have two sisters and one brother yes i
do i have two sisters and one
brother do you have any brothers and
sisters
no i don't i'm the only child no i don't
i'm the only child
number three what does your son do
what is this and do what does your son
do sorry
with s and y here actually
you can say uh there's here is now is
okay when z and act together you can say
this
is okay what does your what does your
son do
what does your son do he's an engineer
he's an engineer do you like playing
sport
you can say do ya do you like playing
sports
yes i do i love sports so what kind of
sports do you play
do ya do you play what kind of sports do
you play
i usually play badminton do you play
badminton
do you do you play do you play badminton
no i don't i like swimming why
do you like swimming why do i why do you
like swimming
because it helps me to keep fit and stay
healthy
that's good how often do you go swimming
i go swimming once or twice a week
where do you usually swim where do you
usually swim
at the swimming pool near my house it
takes me only five minutes to get there
on foot
one more time okay this time we just use
the yeah okay do you like playing sports
yes i do i love sports so what kind of
sport do you play
i usually play badminton do you play
badminton no i don't i like swimming
why do you like swimming because it
helps me to keep it and stay healthy
that's good how often do you go swimming
i go swimming once or twice a week
where do you usually swim at the
swimming pool near my house it takes me
only five minutes to get there and fit
i run quickly
two i speak spanish
fluently if you speak
spanish fluently that means you speak it
easily and well i speak
spanish spanish fluently
i speak english oh sorry i speak spanish
fluently number three
and four we have you you
walk briskly
briskly is actually quickly
now brisk briskly
you walk briskly you walk
briskly for you
drive carefully
you drive carefully
carefully if you drive carefully or if
you do
something carefully that means you do it
with a lot of it a lot of attention
so that you can avoid um
hurting it damaging it or
doing something wrong carefully
you drive carefully you drive
carefully now five and six
we we sleep
late we sleep late
if we sleep late that means we usually
sleep
um maybe at 11 12 or after midnight
we sleep late now
six we get up early
get up we get up early
uh early that means you usually get up
at five
six or seven o'clock in the morning we
get up early
now seven and eight
they they sing beautifully
they sing beautifully that means they
sing in a beautiful way
or they sing well they sing beautifully
they sing beautifully eight
they play tennis
well play
tennis well well is the adverb okay
so um
we have subject play verb
and then tennis the object and then
adverb
they play tennis well
night the dogs the dogs lure now
the dogs bark angrily
if a dog barks that means
it makes a loud noise especially to
a stranger so the
dogs bark angrily anger
angrily the dogs bark angrily
10 her parents parents to people so
right now her parents
work hard work hard
that means work with a lot of effort or
maybe difficulty
she learns
fast she remember
she he it singular noun
the verb we add s-o-e-a so
learns she learns
fast that means she learns
quickly fast is actually
quickly or briskly
12. she wash we have to add
es she washes
the car carelessly carelessly
is not carefully she
watches the car carelessly
13 and 14 he
behaves unprofessionally
unprofessionally that means not
professionally what is professionally
professionally if you do something
professionally
that means you do it in a way that show
shows your profession your
experience and your skill
now unprofessionally
he behaves behaves
not behave okay this is hap but behave
behaves he we have to
add s-o-e-s for the verb
behaves behaves unprofessional
he behaves unprofessionally
14 he speaks with us
remember he speaks quietly
if he speaks quietly he speaks in a way
that doesn't make much noise
so he speaks
quietly or in a peaceful way
15 and 16 it
it with s or e s for the verb so here
rains and flies it rains
heavily it rains heavily
that means it rains hard or
in large amounts
16 it flies slowly
fly here maybe an insect you know
flight slowly
slowly ease not fast
not quickly not briskly it flies
slowly now
4 17 and 18
the sun shines brightly
the sun shines the sun shines
that means it produces
or reflects light
and shines brightly that means with a
lot of light or
with strong light the sun
shines remember shines the sun shines
brightly 18
my mom does it
skilfully remember the son
and mom singular now one so
shine and do we have to add
s-o-e-s here so we have shines and do
come to does does it skillfully
skillfully is just like
professionally you know show your skill
my mom does it skillfully